[Dart 3] Cross links between new pages (#4824)
dart-lang/site-www: src/language/records.md

print(record.$2);    // Prints 'last'
```

> To streamline record field access even more, see the page on [Patterns][pattern].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To streamline record field access even more, 
check out the page on [Patterns][pattern].
```
